you
right now says it's a good sign when you
feel a little bad
go
can you move I think so then be ready to
are you okay I hope you can forgive me
late last night one of the tribal
casinos was robbed people are suspects
wearing masks I'm not your brother
anymore not until that you know it's
okay it's your ID we can still make it
to Canada what if you don't call well
then I'm dad miss are you okay what's
her name what do you want to be
folks who live close to the border he's
the perfect ride we're setting up
roadblocks and search teams but it is
possible he could slip through the
temperatures supposed to keep dropping
I hate being alone scares me I wish you
hadn't stopped for me how would somebody
else had come along there's a bad in her
house and he has a gun would it be
alright if we went ahead and serve
dinner
this guy shot a cop in the face this is
a real deal boy it's all right now says
it's a good sign when you feel a little
bad